Katie Burns
December 1st, 2021
Quantitative Reasoning Assignment

Question 1:
    There are multiple different kinds of methods when it comes to programming.
When it comes to If statements, it allows ya computer to make a decision and
can decide which block of code to run based on the statement. For example, we
used if statements when it comes to the Adventure game Lab we did. We used this
to show what to print if the person was going in a certain direction.

    When it comes to loops, you mostly use them when it comes to coding a game.
A lot of games tie into for loops to ensure there is multiple objects within the
frame. For example, we used loops in our loop lab to have certain numbers go in
the direction the file is shown on the preview with for loops.

    Another big one we have used throughout this semester was Class. They have
function that exists inside a class. For example, we used the class method to
position, color, and size of the object. Then, the def draw function comes into
play to make the ball an actual object. Making multiple classes is ideal when it
comes to having different objects in your game to keep it organized.


Question 2:
    When I communicate solutions from one programmer to another when writing
code, I used comments to help communicate how I got that code. This helps ensure
the person knows how I got the answer and what the effect of it is. Variable names
play a key part in the programming system and keeping them organized. If you
were to have one variable for one object, it will make the program confused
and unorganized. Structure is also a key solution in programming. Indentation
plays a role in structure by how to reflect on the outcome of a certain object,
such as for loops. If indentation is incorrect, an error will follow for the code
to work.

Question 3:
    Testing the accuracy of my code reflected in many ways. One way was to run the
code I have started to keep up to date on how the code looks. I would see if there
are any warning or errors by looking on the side of the screen. I would see if
the changes I made were correct by making sure the lines on the right side of the
screen were clear or green to ensure the code is done properly. Another thing I
do is look for the warnings within the terminal. If there is warning in the
terminal, the code will not work. Making sure those are all cleared out will
ensure a processed code.

Question 4:
    Numerical methods is all about computer method for solving mathematical
problems, but with humans it can be tricky to using methods to make decisions.
For example, with algorithms, you are telling the server to do something based on
your code and possible positioning. But when you try to tell others what to do,
then it can become something you are not going to expect like coding. When it
comes to evaluating teachers on how their students do, there are multiple
possibilities. On the occasion, there is always a student who struggles in the
course but everyone else does well. No one is ever going to be 100% in a whole
which lets the professor helps other students to make sure they are on the
right track.


